# Telegram GTP-BOT 🤖

Hey everyone, I would like to introduce you to an amazing Telegram bot that I developed using AI APIs. The code for this bot was written in Node.js using Telegraf.js, a framework specifically designed for developing Telegram bots using JavaScript or TypeScript. In the creation of this bot, I utilized the APIs provided by OpenAI and ElevenLabs AI. 
Let's dive into the features of this bot.

## Features ⚙ 🖇
- **Text Messaging**: You can send a text message to the bot, and it will respond with a text message generated by ChatGPT, an AI language model.
- **Voice Messaging**: The bot also supports voice messages. When you send a voice message, it uses OpenAI's speech-to-text API to convert the speech into text. This text is then processed by ChatGPT to generate a response. Instead of replying with text, a new feature has been implemented where the bot utilizes ElevenLabs API to convert the generated text back into AI speech. It then sends the voice message as a reply to your question.So satisfying, right?


Sounds interesting, right? So let's get started with the setup ⚙️:

## Installation and Setup 💻 🖥
#### Prerequisites:
- Make sure you have ```Node.js``` installed on your machine.
- Create your own bot with ```BotFather``` on Telegram, which will provide you with a token required for the bot to function.

Now, if you have completed the prerequisites, follow these steps:
1. Clone the repository: ```https://github.com/mutasim77/gpt-telegram.git```
2. Navigate to the project directory: ```cd gpt-telegram```
3. Run ```npm install``` to install all the necessary packages.
4. In the config file, create a file named ```default.json```.
5. Inside ```default.json```, copy the following code and replace 'YOUR' with your own token and keys:
```json
{
    "TELEGRAM_TOKEN": "YOUR_TOKEN",
    "OPENAI_KEY": "YOUR_KEY",
    "ELEVANAI_KEY": "YOUR_KEY"
}
```
6. To start the bot, Run the following command: ```npm run dev```. 

## Questions and Stars 🌟
Congratulations! You now have your own personal assistant that you can interact with via text or voice. If you encounter any errors, you can try searching for a solution online, or just leave them here as an issue, and I'll try to help you. I wish you all the best!

By the way, if you like this project, show your support by starring 🌟 the repository. I would truly appreciate it ✨.

Happy coding!🤗
